Traditional Approach
The first technique, which we’ll
refer to as the “traditional” approach,
uses the built-in net.exe application.
Specifically, we will use the
net user sub-command,
which enumerates all local accounts.
Adding the /domain flag…
will enumerate all users
in the entire domain.
Once we have a list of users, we can
query information about individual users.
Based on the output, we should
query the jeff_admin user
since the name sounds promising.
jeff_admin is a member of the Domain
Admins group, which is noteworthy.
In order to enumerate all
groups in the domain
we’ll add the /domain flag
to the net group command:
From the output we notice the
custom groups Secret_Group,
Nested_Group, and
Another_Nested_Group.
In Active Directory, a group,
and all its included members,
can be added as member to another group.
This is known as a nested group.
While nesting may seem confusing,
it scales well due to its flexibility
even in the largest AD implementations.
Unfortunately, the net.exe
command line tool cannot list
nested groups and only shows
the direct user members.
Due to this and other limitations, we
will explore a more flexible alternative
that is more effective in
larger real-world environments.